Readme.md, before:

# OICNet [![Travis CI Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/NZSmartie/OICNet.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/NZSmartie/OICNet) [![Visual Studio Online Build Status](https://nzsmartie.visualstudio.com/_apis/public/build/definitions/47411984-aff3-4bd4-b530-cd3d59876ef2/1/badge)]() [![NuGet version](https://badge.fury.io/nu/NZSmartie.OICNet.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/NZSmartie.OICNet/)

A clean and portable library to allow C# developers to discover and access recourses on devices supporting OpenConenctivity's (OCF) OpenInterConnect (OIC) Specification.

OIC is used to standardaise the commmunication and access to resources across the Internet of Things. 

## Motive

This lirbary is built to help me learn the OIC spec and create an Android client that will communicate with my [IoTNode Project](https://github.com/NZSmartie/IotNode)

## Issues

  - [JSON Schemas not used as .Net Standard doesn't support Embedded Resources](https://github.com/NZSmartie/OICNet/issues/1)

Serialisation will follow hardcoded classes instead being based on JSON schemas since it's not possible to compile the JSON schemas into the lirbary (Waiting on .NEt Standard 2.0 to be released)

Commit message:

Update Readme to reflect current project status

Readme.md, after:

# OICNet [![Travis CI Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/NZSmartie/OICNet.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/NZSmartie/OICNet) [![Visual Studio Online Build Status](https://nzsmartie.visualstudio.com/_apis/public/build/definitions/47411984-aff3-4bd4-b530-cd3d59876ef2/1/badge)]() [![NuGet version](https://badge.fury.io/nu/NZSmartie.OICNet.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/NZSmartie.OICNet/)

A clean and portable library (written for .Net Standard) to discover and interact with recourses on IoT Devices supporting OpenConenctivity's (OCF) OpenInterConnect (OIC) Specification.

OIC is used to standardaise (and defragment) commmunication and access across the Internet of Things. 

This library is transport agnostic; Examples will be provided on how to implement CoAP, MQTT, HTTP in the near future

## Motive

This lirbary is built to help me learn the OIC specification and create an Xamarin.Forms App (for Windows, Android, iOS) that will communicate with my [IoTNode Project](https://github.com/NZSmartie/IotNode)

## Features
  - Encodes/Decodes 
    - [X] `appliction/cbor`
    - [X] `appliction/json`
    - [ ] `appliction/xml` (See [Support for (De)Serialisation of application/xml #2](https://github.com/NZSmartie/OICNet/issues/2))
  - [X] Resource Discovery
  - [ ] Securtiy (See [Support for OIC Security #3](https://github.com/NZSmartie/OICNet/issues/3))
  - CRUDN Operations
    - [ ] Create (POST/PUT)
    - [ ] Retreive (GET)
    - [ ] Update (POST)
    - [ ] Delete (DELETE)
    - [ ] Notify (OBSERVE)
  - IoT Data Models 
    - [ ] Enforce data validation
    - [ ] Generate objects directly from [Openinterconnect supplied JSON-Schemas](https://github.com/openconnectivityfoundation/core) (See [JSON Schemas not used as .Net Standard doesn't support Embedded Resources #1](https://github.com/NZSmartie/OICNet/issues/1))
